c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\avcodec-53.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\avdevice-53.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\avformat-53.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\avutil-51.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\postproc-52.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\swresample-0.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\swscale-2.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.dll.config
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Library.Dashcam.Core.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Library.Dashcam.Core.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.Video.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Library.Dashcam.Common.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Library.Dashcam.Extensibility.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Toolbox.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Toolbox.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Library.Dashcam.Common.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Library.Dashcam.Extensibility.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.xml
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.Video.xml
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\bin\Release\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\obj\Release\Library.Dashcam.Core.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\obj\Release\Library.Dashcam.Core.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Library.Dashcam.Core\obj\Release\Library.Dashcam.Core.pdb
