c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\avdevice-53.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\postproc-52.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\swresample-0.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\swscale-2.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Agent.exe.config
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Agent.exe
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Agent.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Toolbox.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.xml
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Toolbox.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\obj\Debug\Agent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\obj\Debug\Agent.DashcamLoaderAgent.resources
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\obj\Debug\Agent.ProjectInstaller.resources
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\obj\Debug\Agent.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\obj\Debug\Agent.exe
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\obj\Debug\Agent.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Core.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Extensibility.dll
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Core.pdb
c:\users\development\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dashcam\Agent\bin\Debug\Extensibility.pdb
